Cheap Flights - Search and Compare Flights | momondo Sign in Sign in Flights Stays Car hire Holidays Explore Privacy Preferences Trips English Australia België FRNL Brasil Canada ENFR Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France India Ireland Italia México Nederland Norge Österreich Perú Polska Portugal România Schweiz FRDEIT South Africa Suomi Sverige Türkiye United Kingdom United States ENES Uruguay Україна UKRU Find cheap flights from 1,000+ travel sites. Return 1 adult Economy 0 bags Mon 25/12 Mon 1/1 Search Trending cities The most searched for cities on momondo FLIGHTS TO Lagos FLIGHTS TO Stockholm FLIGHTS TO Johannesburg FLIGHTS TO Tokyo FLIGHTS TO Copenhagen FLIGHTS TO Orlando FLIGHTS TO Rome FLIGHTS TO Cancún FLIGHTS TO Málaga Trending countries The most searched for countries on momondo FLIGHTS TO United States FLIGHTS TO Spain FLIGHTS TO India FLIGHTS TO United Kingdom FLIGHTS TO Brazil FLIGHTS TO Thailand FLIGHTS TO Portugal FLIGHTS TO France FLIGHTS TO Australia FLIGHTS TO Italy FLIGHTS TO Turkey FLIGHTS TO Philippines FLIGHTS TO South Africa FLIGHTS TO Canada FLIGHTS TO Germany FLIGHTS TO United Arab Emirates FLIGHTS TO Pakistan FLIGHTS TO Netherlands FLIGHTS TO Egypt FLIGHTS TO Mexico FLIGHTS TO Greece FLIGHTS TO Romania FLIGHTS TO Nigeria FLIGHTS TO Sweden Flight deals by destination Find and compare cheap flights We search and compare billions of real-time prices on plane tickets so you can easily find the cheapest, quickest, and best flight deals for you. Dublin Flights from Shannon to Dublin Flights from Cork to Dublin Flights from Milltown (Kerry) to Dublin Bangkok Flights from Dublin to Bangkok Flights from Cork to Bangkok Flights from Shannon to Bangkok Flights from Milltown (Kerry) to Bangkok Istanbul Flights from Dublin to Istanbul Flights from Cork to Istanbul Sao Paulo Flights from Dublin to Sao Paulo Flights from Cork to Sao Paulo Barcelona Flights from Dublin to Barcelona Flights from Cork to Barcelona Flights from Shannon to Barcelona Flights from Knock to Barcelona Flights from Milltown (Kerry) to Barcelona New York Flights from Dublin to New York Flights from Shannon to New York Flights from Cork to New York Flights from Milltown (Kerry) to New York Paris Flights from Dublin to Paris Flights from Cork to Paris Flights from Shannon to Paris Flights from Donegal to Paris Lisbon Flights from Dublin to Lisbon Flights from Cork to Lisbon Flights from Shannon to Lisbon Sydney Flights from Dublin to Sydney Flights from Cork to Sydney Flights from Shannon to Sydney Johannesburg Flights from Dublin to Johannesburg Flights from Cork to Johannesburg London Flights from Dublin to London Flights from Cork to London Flights from Shannon to London Flights from Knock to London Flights from Milltown (Kerry) to London Dubai Flights from Dublin to Dubai Flights from Cork to Dubai Flights from Shannon to Dubai Manila Flights from Dublin to Manila Flights from Cork to Manila Amsterdam Flights from Dublin to Amsterdam Flights from Cork to Amsterdam Flights from Shannon to Amsterdam Flights from Knock to Amsterdam Lagos Flights from Dublin to Lagos Flights from Cork to Lagos How to find cheap flight deals with momondo How does momondo find such cheap airfare? momondo searches across hundreds of airlines and travel sites, from major booking sites to individual company sites, to give you as many cheap airfare options as possible. When you conduct a single search on momondo, you can find and compare cheap airline tickets like you’ve done hundreds of searches at once. momondo is completely free to use - with no hidden charges or fees - and the prices you see are never affected by your searches, no matter how many you make. We believe in an open world, where travelling and getting acquainted across borders and cultures is available to us all, so we’re committed to showing you the cheapest flights in our flight finder. How can Mix & Match save me money? Sometimes you can save money by combining flight tickets from different suppliers, and we call that Mix & Match. This means you can book your outbound flight with one supplier, and your return flight with another. If you can save money by combining tickets from different suppliers, we’ll automatically include this option in your flight results and label it Mix & Match. You’ll have to complete two separate booking flows after you select this deal on our site, but it’s worth it if you can save money over a traditional round-trip with one supplier. It’s an advanced way of getting the cheapest flights even if they’re offered by different suppliers. How do I find the best price on plane tickets? Choose your destination and preferred travel dates, and we’ll provide you with an overview of the cheapest, quickest, and best flights so you can compare prices and book flights with confidence. Flexible on dates? It’s even easier to find cheap flights by using our Price Calendar (found above your search results), which shows you the cheapest travel dates. This is available on all of our most popular flight routes. How do I make sure I don’t miss a flight deal? Sign up for Price Alerts on your favourite flight routes and automatically get live price updates, so you can book flights when the price is right. You can do so next to your flight search results or in the profile menu. If you're on our app, you will find Price Alerts in the navigation menu. You can also subscribe to special offers and limited-time flight deals from our partners. Just sign in, go to Notifications in your profile and subscribe to the topics you’re interested in. How does momondo find such cheap airfare? momondo searches across hundreds of airlines and travel sites, from major booking sites to individual company sites, to give you as many cheap airfare options as possible. When you conduct a single search on momondo, you can find and compare cheap airline tickets like you’ve done hundreds of searches at once. momondo is completely free to use - with no hidden charges or fees - and the prices you see are never affected by your searches, no matter how many you make. We believe in an open world, where travelling and getting acquainted across borders and cultures is available to us all, so we’re committed to showing you the cheapest flights in our flight finder. How do I find the best price on plane tickets? Choose your destination and preferred travel dates, and we’ll provide you with an overview of the cheapest, quickest, and best flights so you can compare prices and book flights with confidence. Flexible on dates? It’s even easier to find cheap flights by using our Price Calendar (found above your search results), which shows you the cheapest travel dates. This is available on all of our most popular flight routes. How can Mix & Match save me money? Sometimes you can save money by combining flight tickets from different suppliers, and we call that Mix & Match. This means you can book your outbound flight with one supplier, and your return flight with another. If you can save money by combining tickets from different suppliers, we’ll automatically include this option in your flight results and label it Mix & Match. You’ll have to complete two separate booking flows after you select this deal on our site, but it’s worth it if you can save money over a traditional round-trip with one supplier. It’s an advanced way of getting the cheapest flights even if they’re offered by different suppliers. How do I make sure I don’t miss a flight deal? Sign up for Price Alerts on your favourite flight routes and automatically get live price updates, so you can book flights when the price is right. You can do so next to your flight search results or in the profile menu. If you're on our app, you will find Price Alerts in the navigation menu. You can also subscribe to special offers and limited-time flight deals from our partners. Just sign in, go to Notifications in your profile and subscribe to the topics you’re interested in. ©2023 momondo OK