Cheap Car Rental - Search Car Rental Deals | momondo Skip to main content Sign in Sign in Flights Stays Car Rental Packages Explore Trips English Australia België FRNL Brasil Canada ENFR Česká republika Chile Colombia Danmark Deutschland Eesti España France India Ireland Italia México Nederland Norge Österreich Perú Polska Portugal România Schweiz FRDEIT South Africa Suomi Sverige Türkiye United Kingdom United States ENES Uruguay Україна UKRU Find and compare the best car rental deals Same drop-off Driver's age: 26-65 Sat 2/12 Noon Sat 9/12 Noon Trending cities The most searched for cities on momondo Cars in Los Angeles Cars in Mississauga Cars in Casablanca Cars in Phoenix Cars in Halifax Cars in London Cars in Miami Cars in Paris Cars in Laval Cars in Dublin Cars in Winnipeg Cars in Ponta Delgada Cars in Porto Cars in Honolulu Cars in Tampa Trending countries The most searched for countries on momondo Cars in United States Cars in Portugal Cars in Italy Cars in Mexico Cars in Costa Rica Cars in United Kingdom Cars in Spain Cars in France Cars in Morocco Cars in Greece Cars in Ireland Cars in Australia Cars in New Zealand Cars in Germany Cars in Croatia Cheap rental cars by destination Find and compare the best car rental deals We search over 30,000 locations including major car comparison sites, so you get a wide selection of cheap car rental deals from around the world Toronto rental cars Lisbon rental cars Orlando rental cars Rome rental cars Mississauga rental cars Montreal rental cars Québec City rental cars Edmonton rental cars Ottawa rental cars Halifax rental cars Calgary rental cars Vancouver rental cars Fort Lauderdale rental cars Las Vegas rental cars Los Angeles rental cars How to rent a car for less with momondo How does momondo find car rental prices? momondo searches over 30,000 locations and includes major car rental companies such as Hertz, Thrifty, Dollar, Enterprise, Payless and more, so you get the widest selection of cheap car rental deals from around the world. On momondo, the prices you see when you rent a car are the prices you get – no hidden charges, and no surprises when you collect the car. And with our 48-hour free cancellation policy there is no need to worry about your rental car if your plans go awry. How do I find the best car rental deal? Using our simple car rental comparison tool, we’ll help you find the cheapest rental cars. Simply search for a rental car in your destination of choice, and remember you can filter your results to compare prices for the types of rental cars you’re interested in.. What types of rental cars can I find on momondo? momondo includes major car rental companies such as Hertz, Thrifty, Dollar, Enterprise, Payless and more, so you get a selection of car rental deals for any destination. On momondo, you can find deals and discounts on all types of rental cars, whether it’s small, medium, large, SUV van, luxury, pickup truck, convertible and commercial vehicles, we’ve got you covered. Can I drop my rental car off at a different location? On momondo you do have the option to search for car rentals with drop-off at a different location. All you need to do is tick the ‘Return to a different location’ box in the search field and fill in your preferred drop-off location. Bear in mind that additional fees may apply for a drop-off in a different location, however, we will clearly state whether or not this fee is included in the car rental prices we display. How does momondo find car rental prices? momondo searches over 30,000 locations and includes major car rental companies such as Hertz, Thrifty, Dollar, Enterprise, Payless and more, so you get the widest selection of cheap car rental deals from around the world. On momondo, the prices you see when you rent a car are the prices you get – no hidden charges, and no surprises when you collect the car. And with our 48-hour free cancellation policy there is no need to worry about your rental car if your plans go awry. What types of rental cars can I find on momondo? momondo includes major car rental companies such as Hertz, Thrifty, Dollar, Enterprise, Payless and more, so you get a selection of car rental deals for any destination. On momondo, you can find deals and discounts on all types of rental cars, whether it’s small, medium, large, SUV van, luxury, pickup truck, convertible and commercial vehicles, we’ve got you covered. How do I find the best car rental deal? Using our simple car rental comparison tool, we’ll help you find the cheapest rental cars. Simply search for a rental car in your destination of choice, and remember you can filter your results to compare prices for the types of rental cars you’re interested in.. Can I drop my rental car off at a different location? On momondo you do have the option to search for car rentals with drop-off at a different location. All you need to do is tick the ‘Return to a different location’ box in the search field and fill in your preferred drop-off location. Bear in mind that additional fees may apply for a drop-off in a different location, however, we will clearly state whether or not this fee is included in the car rental prices we display. ©2023 momondo